(Rex Harrison) Miss Audrey Hepburn
[Applause]
[Music]
If all the world's a stage and all the
men and women merely players, then here is
a very special player who has also been
our friend. For what is friendship if not
a willingness to give, to give laughter
where there are tears, comfort when there are
fears, pleasure, fantasy and fun where there
is none. For young and old to create a
world they may never see peopled with
characters and clowns they will never be.
A friend who brings to our lives often
stark, brightness and cheer sweeping away
thoughts sorrowful and dark giving us
strength to face each day and come what
may, we know he will be there to help us
bear our lives as if it were a play. So
thank you, Cary, for giving joy across
the years to those who need in times of
selfishness and greed a star to hang
their dreams on. And before I'm gone, in
gratitude and love I end, you have truly
been a friend.
[Applause]
[Music]